Usability improvements for Kafka Streams (#2953)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/kafka-streams-guide.adoc

                        (stationId, value, aggregation) -> aggregation.updateFrom(value),
                        Materialized.<Integer, Aggregation> as(storeSupplier)
                            .withKeySerde(Serdes.Integer())
                            .withValueSerde(aggregationSerde)
                )
                .toStream()
                .to(                                                          // <6>
                        TEMPERATURES_AGGREGATED_TOPIC,
                        Produced.with(Serdes.Integer(), aggregationSerde)
                );

        return builder.build();
    }
}
----
<1> The `weather-stations` table is read into a `GlobalKTable`, representing the current state of each weather station
<2> The `temperature-values` topic is read into a `KStream`; whenever a new message arrives to this topic, the pipeline will be processed for this measurement
<3> The message from the `temperature-values` topic is joined with the corresponding weather station, using the topic's key (weather station id); the join result contains the data from the measurement and associated weather station message
<4> The values are grouped by message key (the weather station id)

> <5> Within each group, all the measurements of that station are aggregated, by keeping track of minimum and maxium values and calculating the average value of all measurements of that station (see the `Aggregation` type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> Within each group, all the measurements of that station are aggregated, by keeping track of minimum and maximum values and calculating the average value of all measurements of that station (see the `Aggregation` type)
```

<6> The results of the pipeline are written out to the `temperatures-aggregated` topic

The Kafka Streams extension is configured via the Quarkus configuration file `application.properties`.
Create the file `aggregator/src/main/resources/application.properties` with the following contents:

[source]
----
quarkus.kafka-streams.bootstrap-servers=localhost:9092
quarkus.kafka-streams.application-id=temperature-aggregator
quarkus.kafka-streams.application-server=${hostname}:8080
quarkus.kafka-streams.topics=weather-stations,temperature-values

# pass-through options
kafka-streams.cache.max.bytes.buffering=10240
kafka-streams.commit.interval.ms=1000
kafka-streams.metadata.max.age.ms=500
kafka-streams.auto.offset.reset=earliest
kafka-streams.metrics.recording.level=DEBUG
----

> The options with the `quarkus.kafka-streams` prefix can be changed dynamically at application start-up,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options with the `quarkus.kafka-streams` prefix can be changed dynamically at application startup,
```
?

e.g. via environment variables or system properties.
`bootstrap-servers`, `application-id` and `application-server` are mapped to the Kafka Streams properties `bootstrap.servers`, `application.id` and `application.server`, respectively.
`topics` is specific to Quarkus: the application will wait for all the given topics to exist before launching the Kafka Streams engine.

> This is to done to gracefully awati the creation of topics that don't yet exist at application start-up time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is to done to gracefully await the creation of topics that don't yet exist at application startup time.
```
